Add 1.15 announcement and updates (#158)
anbox-cloud/discourse-docs: index.md

## What's new

Along with bug fixes and general improvements, Anbox Cloud 1.15 includes the following changes:

> * The Anbox Cloud Appliance now supports Ubuntu 22.04

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Support for Ubuntu 22.04 in the Anbox Cloud Appliance
```

* [Out-of-band data version 2](https://discourse.ubuntu.com/t/exchange-out-of-band-data/21834)
* Audio-only streaming support

> * Development mode support in AMS for containers

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Support for a development mode for containers in AMS
```
